DBZ-4430 Promote Quarkus Outbox to stable (sans OpenTracing support) (#3316)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/integrations/outbox.adoc

|===

=== Distributed tracing
[NOTE]
====

> This feature is currently in incubating state, i.e. exact semantics, configuration options etc. may change in future revisions, based on the feedback we receive. Please let us know if you encounter any problems while using this extension.
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is currently in incubating state, i.e. exact semantics, configuration options etc. may change in future revisions, based on the feedback we receive. Specifically, Distributed Tracing support will be replaced with support for the Open Telemetry specification in a future release.
====
```
